Set variable for Gateway API version in install docs (#871)
agentgateway/website: assets/agw-docs/snippets/agentgateway/get-started.md

Experimental = nightly build (patch-dev) + experimental Gateway API CRDs at the newest version (k8s-gw-version-exp) + feature gate on.
Why bundled: the nightly build watches TCPRoute at v1, which only Gateway API 1.6 serves; the released v1.3.x build watches v1alpha2, so the Standard path stays on Gateway API 1.5. That is why Experimental uses its own newer Gateway API version (k8s-gw-version-exp) instead of k8s-gw-version.
Revisit when the current main (1.4.x) ships as the next latest: the Standard path will then also move to the v1 / Gateway API 1.6 era, and Standard vs Experimental Gateway API versions may converge. -->

> 1. Deploy the Kubernetes Gateway API CRDs. These examples use Gateway API {{< reuse "agw-docs/versions/k8s-gw-version.md" >}} for the standard channel and {{< reuse "agw-docs/versions/k8s-gw-version-exp.md" >}} for the experimental channel, but you can use any version within the [supported range]({{< link-hextra path="/reference/versions/" >}}) by setting the variable accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the Kubernetes Gateway API CRDs. The examples in this guide use Gateway API {{< reuse "agw-docs/versions/k8s-gw-version.md" >}} for the standard channel and {{< reuse "agw-docs/versions/k8s-gw-version-exp.md" >}} for the experimental channel, but you can use any version within the [supported range]({{< link-hextra path="/reference/versions/" >}}) by setting the variable accordingly.
```
